Add more clarification around data tiering. (#2785)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/data-tiering/about-data-tiering.md

# About data tiering

Save on storage costs by tiering rarely used data to a low-cost object storage layer

> on Timescale Cloud.

Reviewer: I propose to skip this change and add an info box similar to what we have on `/use-timescale/data-tiering/index.md`

> Timescale Cloud service includes traditional disk storage, and a low-cost object storage

Reviewer: Let's go with he following and I'll fix this on the follow-up with the name changes and the positioning

```suggestion
Timescale services include traditional disk storage, and a low-cost object storage
```

Author: @iroussos I highlighted Cloud to differentiate between MST and Timescale Cloud. Are we using soem other nomenclature now?

Reviewer: Ok, let's leave this as is to differentiate from MST.
In general we do not use Timescale Cloud any more, just Timescale, but it makes sense in this case
